Restructure obsv overview (#13119)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/04-operation-guides/operations/obsv-04-enable-mtls-for-custom-metrics.md

---
title: Enable mTLS for custom metrics    
---

> To enable Strict mTLS scraping for a component, configure the Istio TLS certificates in the corresponding ServiceMonitor:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable Strict mTLS scraping for a component, configure the Istio TLS certificates in the corresponding Service Monitor:
```

Reviewer: Didn't we agree to use natural language? 🤔

Author: Totally! 😅

```yaml
---
apiVersion: monitoring.coreos.com/v1
kind: ServiceMonitor
metadata:
  name: metrics
  namespace: kyma-system
  labels:
    prometheus: monitoring
    example: monitoring-custom-metrics
spec:
  selector:
    matchLabels:
      k8s-app: metrics
  targetLabels:
    - k8s-app
  endpoints:
    - port: web
      interval: 10s
      scheme: https
      tlsConfig: 
        caFile: /etc/prometheus/secrets/istio.default/root-cert.pem
        certFile: /etc/prometheus/secrets/istio.default/cert-chain.pem
        keyFile: /etc/prometheus/secrets/istio.default/key.pem

>         insecureSkipVerify: true  # Prometheus does not support Istio security naming, thus skip verifying target pod ceritifcate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        insecureSkipVerify: true  # Prometheus does not support Istio security naming; skip verifying the target Pod certificate
```
